Hello, and welcome to the Predictive Analytics for Business Nanodegree program.
I'm Sam, and I'll be your host for the program,
which means I'll pop up here and there to provide more context to what you're learning.
Now, the overarching goal of the program is to advance your career by
helping you develop predictive analytic skills that are applicable to business.
In order to accomplish this goal,
there are set of skills that you need to acquire.
You'll learn to structure problems, clean,
format and transform data,
and use a variety of analytical techniques to solve business problems.
You'll use Alteryx to analyze A/B test,
create forecast, and build machine learning models.
If you're interested in going into
more detail about what you'll learn during the program,
spend a moment reading the syllabus,
and before getting started,
go through the orientation.
It will provide more details on the various resources you'll have access to.
Tell you how project submissions work,
and provide a few study tips that are most successful students use.